exporters/autoexport: add support for signal-specific protocols environment variables (#5816)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

- Add support to configure views when creating MeterProvider using the config package. (#5654)
- Add log support for the autoexport package. (#5733)
- Add support for disabling the old runtime metrics using the `OTEL_GO_X_DEPRECATED_RUNTIME_METRICS=false` environment variable. (#5747)

> - Add support for signal-specific protocols environment variables for the autoexport package. (#5807)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add support for signal-specific protocols environment variables in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/exporters/autoexport`. (#5816)
```

Maybe we should also specify the exact variables we support.

Author: Yes, it'll be better. I've added them.

> - Add support for signal-specific protocols environment variables (`OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_TRACES_PROTOCOL`, `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_LOGS_PROTOCOL`, `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_METRICS_PROTOCOL`) for the autoexport package. (#5807)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add support for signal-specific protocols environment variables (`OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_TRACES_PROTOCOL`, `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_LOGS_PROTOCOL`, `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_METRICS_PROTOCOL`) in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/exporters/autoexport`. (#5816)
```
